# NUTSHELL PROJECT
Creators: Jack Gonzales, Connor Dupuis

## Team Workflow / Work Division
We divided up the work pretty evenly this project. Every week we would have coding times where we would work together and pair program.
This helped us figure out flaws in our code and helped to debug. This wokred really well for us. Below we have listed the items that we worked on individually, 
most of the things not on these lists were done via paired programming together. Usually during this session of paired programming one of us would bring the start 
of the function. We would say that ~70% of the coding that we did for this project was done when we were together working on the discord call.

### Connors individual tasks
* background tasks
* file input

### Jacks individual tasks
* file output

### Performed together
It is assumed that everything else was performed together.

## Tasks Accomplished
#### Built-in Commands
* setenv
* printenv
* unsetenv
* cd
* alias
* unalias
* print alias
* bye

#### Non-built-in commands
* all commands w/o arguments
* all commands with arguments

#### I/O
* working output (>)
* working output append (>>)
* working input
* There cannot be a '\n' character in the inputed .txt file

#### Pipes
* Pipes with non-built-in commands
* multiple pipes at once

#### Pipes With IO
* Pipes and Output work together
* Pipes and input work together
* Pipes and I/O work together

#### Background Tasks
* can run tasks in the background

#### Enviromental Vairable Expansion
* this is working

#### Alias Expansion
* this is working

#### Shell Robustness
* Our shell did not crash once in the tests that we ran

## Tasks Not Completed
#### Wildcard Matching
* Did not implement
